# Living on less than 50 euros a day in Alicante

A pic of the cathedral

It has been two weeks since @hkjn and I left Sweden and started our 
travels in Spain but it feels at least twice as long due to the 
variety and intensity of experiences. Today, I would like to share some 
tips about living on less than 50 euros a day in a nice city like Alicante. 
For some of you this might not be so cheap, but this includes the lodging, food and
drinks, which I think is not bad. 

1. Rent a room via airbnb or stay at a hostel.

It is possible to find a room or a bed for 30 euros or less a day in most places. 
In Barcelona, we stayed at a hostel found on booking.com, and in Alicante we rented a 
room via airbnb for that price. Most places have a kitchen where you can cook your meals
and a patio where you can relax and make new friends.

Here is the view from my room in Alicante. 

A pic from the balcony

Of course there might be a variation in terms of cleanliness, noise or comfort level but 
this can be expected given this low price in a tourist destination in a developed country.

2. Buy groceries from a local store and cook your own meals.

For the first few days in our stay in Spain, we spent a lot of money on dining out. In our 
later travels we started buying our own groceries and cooking at least two meals a day. 
I am still pleasantly surprised by the quality and price of groceries. A loaf of bread for 
60 cents, half a kilo of grapes and a bunch of fresh figs for less than 2 euros, a large 
chunk of sheep cheese for three euros or less, six eggs for one euro, etc. You can have four 
delicious meals for 20 euros, wine and beer included. 

A pic of cheap wines

3. Eat at places where locals eat.

Dining out in Spain is a fantastic experience. There are cafes and restaurants on every corner in 
major cities, and the quality of food ranges from good to very high (with a few exceptions where
it mostly caters to tourists in popular areas like beaches or tourist attractions). 


