# Take a stroll through meandering streets of Madrid

A pic of the face (street art)

Having spent three marvelous days in Valencia (please see my posts "The spaceship
has landed in Valencia" and "Valencia: vast beaches and magnificent parks"), the
next city on the agenda was Madrid. The train from Valencia to Madrid took about
two hours. Albeit somewhat pricey (around 70 euros), it offered a comfy and pleasant
trip with a service of sandwiches and cava.

A pic of cava and sandwiches

It was also very fast, with speeds reaching 300 km/hr at times. 

A pic of the speed

My first impression of Madrid was very positive, especially after I saw a poster
for a play for Virginia Woolf's essay "A Room of One's Own" in Spanish.

Pic

It was nice to rent an entire apartment via airbnb in the center of Madrid which
was also close to a great grocery store, major parks and museums.

A pic of Leo on the turtle

The first day was spent walking through meandering streets of Madrid and just
taking it all in. One particular street that was really cool is Calle Embajadores 
which had three bookstores all within a few blocks of one another, beautiful 
street art, cool cafes and stores, in one of which I bought a nice dress.

Pics of street art, cafes, me in a dress in a store

On one of the side streets, I saw a battered sign "Potemkin village", the name 
of which comes from fake Soviet flourishing villages. 

Pic of me with Potemkin sign

One can really see how the center of Madrid grew organically over time because 
there are few straight streets with the exception of major streets such as Calle
Bailen, Calle Segovia, Paseo del Prado, Calle Atocha and a few others. 
As I waked through the city, I saw many beautiful churches.

A few pics 

One of the major landmarks of Madrid is the Almudena Cathedral, a perfect place
for taking wedding photos, including wedding pics and just chilling. 

A few pics (couple, me, Leo and top of the cathedral)

The cathedral faces Palacio Real, the Royal Palace of Madrid, previously home to
the Spanish royal family but now only used for state ceremonies.

A pic

Not far from the palace is Teatro Real or the Royal Theater as well as the Opera 
House.

A pic

A short walk to one of the side streets led me to Ramen Kagura, a nice ramen
place which was fully packed that evening.

A pic of ramen

Having briefly explored the area, I took a metro back home. It was very fast and clean
although little confusing since one needs to buy a ticket for a specific line. 

It was a pleasant day and a nice start of my Madrid trip!

