# A scenic bus ride from Alicante to Jávea

A pic of me looking away and pointing at a cliff in Javea

Alicante was a great city to visit, with its beautiful beaches and historical sites
(see my previous posts, [Discover your inner fish in the sea in Alicante]
(https://steemit.com/travel/@arunaelentari/discover-your-inner-fish-in-the-sea-in-alicante)
and [Sit onthe Iron Throne in Alicante]
(https://steemit.com/travel/@arunaelentari/sit-on-the-iron-throne-in-alicante))
but having spent a week there, it was high time for us to explore other parts of Spain. 

The next stop was Jávea (Xàbia in Valencian), a town north of Alicante along the Costa
Blanca. The bus ride from Alicante took three hours and cost around 10 euros. It was 
easy to buy the tickets from a machine at the station and the ride itself was very 
pleasant. We stopped at several beach towns, of which Altea struck me as particularly pretty.

Pics of Altea

We arrived in Jávea in the afternoon and went directly from the bus station to the apartment
(found via airbnb) which was located close to the beach. The town had a completely different feel to it. 
Whereas Alicante was a bustling city which offered more than the beach, Jávea was 
mostly a beach town and, strangely, felt like a US resort town. It is a great place
for families with young children. 

pic of children playing

The main landmark of Jávea is the Montgo mountain which rises to 753 meters and is a beautiful 
centerpiece to enjoy when swimming. 

photo of montgo mountain

It reminded me of a poem by Mikhail Lermontov:

Утёс

Ночевала тучка золотая
На груди утеса-великана;
Утром в путь она умчалась рано,
По лазури весело играя;

Но остался влажный след в морщине
Старого утеса. Одиноко
Он стоит, задумался глубоко,
И тихонько плачет он в пустыне.

It is a poem about a golden cloud that took a rest on the top of the mountain
and left early in the morning leaving the sad giant behind.

a pic of montgo

We enjoyed our apartment and cooking our own meals. I am still pleasantly surprised 
after every grocery trip: the food is high quality and very reasonably priced. We got a 
bottle of rosé wine for less than 2 euros. It was one of the best wines we have ever had. 

Today, we are leaving for Valencia and are planning to spend three nights there. I am 
looking forward to exploring the third largest city in Spain after Madrid and Barcelona. 
Will write a post on it in a few days.




